Documented way to look into inward tokens and results of lookup in userInfo endpoint (#479)
jenkinsci/oic-auth-plugin: docs/howto/DEBUG_IDP.md

# Debug tokens from IDP

## When/why?

> When it's not really well documented on IDP's side which specific fields names should be used in plugin's attribute mapping.

Reviewer: Most common Idps do document this somewhere.
Perhaps it would be worth creating a table of common values for well known Idps

Author: There's way too many of them and also fields' names could be manipulated on OIDC provider's side, so I doubt it will be helpful.

Jenkins might throw an NPE without any clarification which exact field it was unable to lookup in incoming token/s.

## Enabling debug logging

> Go to System Log and create a new logger with these classpaths and log levels:

Author: Added disclaimer at the top of this file.

# Debug tokens from IDP

> ## Disclaimer
> 
> Do not leave this logger enabled or even present unless used, as it might be a potential security risk in the form of leaking sensitive data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> Do not leave this logger enabled or even present unless used, as it can be a potential security risk in the form of leaking sensitive data.
> Be extra careful if your logs are sent to an external system
```
